Add README.md (#9)
canonical/masterclasses.canonical.com: README.md

# Masterclasses

Masterclasses are a series of talks and workshops on varied topics presented by the amazing people at Canonical.

Canonical is known for its brilliant people, both in terms of intelligence and varied interests. Often these interests are discovered serendipitously when passing conversations. The initiative would like to provide a platform for this to occur company wide. Recordings will provide longevity to the content and allow people to hone their public speaking and presentational skills.

# Local Development

[masterclassses.canonical.com](masterclasses.canonical.com) is a [Flask v1](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/_/downloads/en/1.1.x/pdf/) app and uses [Flask-base](https://github.com/canonical/canonicalwebteam.flask-base): This is Canoincal's core Flask app that sets default functionality (e.g. redirects.yaml, templates/404.html, robots.txt, favicon, caching headers, security headers).

It uses [dotrun](https://github.com/canonical/dotrun) for local development, defining standard endpoints for `serve`, `build`, `test`, `watch` etc. within the package.json. This allows for a consistent development experience across all Canonical projects.

> 1. Make a .env.local with the following contents:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `.env.local` file locally in the repo head directory with the following contents:
```

```bash
PRIVATE_KEY_ID=your_private_key_id
PRIVATE_KEY=your_private_key
```

> these keys are [specs-canonical-com](https://github.com/canonical/masterclasses.canonical.com/blob/3daee9f1bc4232348acc792575c7dd9685f12481/konf/site.yaml#L12) google drive keys.

Reviewer: Better use a link to the current state in the main branch, than to this specific commit (it might change in the future):

```suggestion
these keys are [specs-canonical-com](https://github.com/canonical/masterclasses.canonical.com/blob/main/konf/site.yaml#L12) google drive keys.
```
